DOC Update js docs (#130)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/00_Getting_Started/00_Server_Requirements.md

## CMS browser requirements

Silverstripe CMS uses [browserslist](https://browsersl.ist) default settings to determine which browsers are supported. Note that this only applies for the CMS itself - you can support whatever browsers you want to in the front end of your website.

> These settings ensure support for the latest 2 versions of major browsers, plus all versions of those browsers with at least 0.5% worldwide marketshare, plus the [Firefox Extended Support Release](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/choosing-firefox-update-channel). They explicitly exclude browser versions which have reached end-of-life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings ensure support for the latest 2 versions of major browsers, plus all versions of those browsers with at least 0.5% worldwide market share, plus the [Firefox Extended Support Release](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/choosing-firefox-update-channel). They explicitly exclude browser versions which have reached end-of-life.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
